<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <title>Take the Next Step</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"/>
</head>
<body>
  
      <div class="cta-page">
        <h3>RESOURCES</h3>
<p>To further your journey towards "Rooted Understanding" and cultivate your dream indoor jungle, Webness Botanical Lab recommends the following resources:</p>
<li><strong>Accurate Digital Hygrometer/Thermometer:</strong> Essential for precisely monitoring your home's microclimates. Look for models with min/max memory and good accuracy.</li>
<li><strong>Reliable Moisture Meter:</strong> Move beyond guesswork. A quality moisture meter helps you understand soil moisture levels deep within the pot, preventing over or underwatering.</li>
<li><strong>High-Quality Pruning Shears/Snips:</strong> Sharp, clean tools are crucial for healthy plant maintenance. Invest in a durable pair that fits comfortably in your hand.</li>
<li><strong>Local University Cooperative Extension Services:</strong> Often overlooked, these resources provide scientifically vetted, region-specific advice on plant care, pest management, and environmental factors.</li>
<li><strong>"The Houseplant Expert" by D.G. Hessayon:</strong> A classic, comprehensive guide offering detailed information on a vast array of houseplants, their specific needs, and common issues.</li>
<li><strong>"Plantopedia: The Definitive Guide to Houseplants" by Lauren Camilleri & Sophia Kaplan:</strong> A beautifully illustrated and modern guide that combines practical care advice with stunning botanical design inspiration.</li>
<li><strong>The Sill (thesill.com/blog):</strong> A fantastic online resource for accessible plant care guides, troubleshooting tips, and inspiration for integrating plants into your home design.</li>
      </div>
</body>
</html>